{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14940\viewh11660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Included are spectra of the Habitable Zone candidates, as well as spectra of all KOIs used in the study.\
\
A few notes about this spectra:\
Spectra are available as ascii or fits files, except for the calibrators.\
\
The HZ candidate stars include optical and NIR spectra, as well as Phoenix model spectra to fill in the gaps and cover the areas of telluric contamination. For regions where the Phoenix models are used, the errors are set to N/A in the ascii and 0 in the fits files. \
Note that the resolution changes between instruments, and stacks in the overlapping regions are only as good as the underlying spectrum. \
\
For non-HZ KOIs, the spectra are split into _R and _B channels. Note that the resolution of SNIFS is slightly different in the two channels. There is a small overlap at 5150 angstroms. Our flux calibration usually gets the overlap region consistent to better than 5%, but there are occasional larger offsets. We adopted a do-no-harm policy and did not include any additional corrections for these offsets. The CCD quantum efficient is low in the overlapping region, and most of these stars are very faint in the blue region. As a result, adding in corrections on noisy data may actually lower the overall quality of the spectrum. For three stars, KIC 6666233, 8367644, and 10027247, we had difficulty extracting the low SNR blue channel spectra and are not included (they are not needed for the analysis in this paper).\
\
If you have any questions about the data contact amann@astro.as.utexas.edu.\
}